[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com
type = PO
lang_map = af:af_ZA, ar:ar_EG, bg:bg_BG, ca:ca_ES, cs:cs_CZ, da:da_DK, de:de_DE, el:el_GR, es:es_ES, et:et_EE, fi:fi_FI, fr:fr_FR, he:he_IL, hi:hi_IN, hr:hr_HR, hu:hu_HU, hy:hy_AM, id:id_ID, it:it_IT, ja:ja_JP, km:km_KH, lt:lt_LT, lv:lv_LV, mk:mk_MK, nb:nb_NO, nl:nl_NL, pl:pl_PL, pt:pt_PT, ru:ru_RU, ro:ro_RO, sk:sk_SK, sq:sq_AL, tr:tr_TR, sl:sl_SI, sr_RS@latin:sr_RS, sv:sv_SE, uk:uk_UA, vi:vi_VN

[civicrm.countries]
file_filter = po/<lang>/countries.po
source_file = po/pot/countries.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.case]
file_filter = po/<lang>/case.po
source_file = po/pot/case.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.grant]
file_filter = po/<lang>/grant.po
source_file = po/pot/grant.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.drupal-civicrm]
file_filter = po/<lang>/drupal-civicrm.po
source_file = po/pot/drupal-civicrm.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.pledge]
file_filter = po/<lang>/pledge.po
source_file = po/pot/pledge.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.report]
file_filter = po/<lang>/report.po
source_file = po/pot/report.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.contribute]
file_filter = po/<lang>/contribute.po
source_file = po/pot/contribute.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.common-base]
file_filter = po/<lang>/common-base.po
source_file = po/pot/common-base.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.menu]
file_filter = po/<lang>/menu.po
source_file = po/pot/menu.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.campaign]
file_filter = po/<lang>/campaign.po
source_file = po/pot/campaign.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.mailing]
file_filter = po/<lang>/mailing.po
source_file = po/pot/mailing.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.member]
file_filter = po/<lang>/member.po
source_file = po/pot/member.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.provinces]
file_filter = po/<lang>/provinces.po
source_file = po/pot/provinces.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.event]
file_filter = po/<lang>/event.po
source_file = po/pot/event.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.common-components]
file_filter = po/<lang>/common-components.po
source_file = po/pot/common-components.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.admin]
file_filter = po/<lang>/admin.po
source_file = po/pot/admin.pot
source_lang = en_US

[civicrm.pcp]
file_filter = po/<lang>/pcp.po
source_file = po/pot/pcp.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[civicrm.batch]
file_filter = po/<lang>/batch.po
source_file = po/pot/batch.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[civicrm.queue]
file_filter = po/<lang>/queue.po
source_file = po/pot/queue.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[civicrm.extension]
file_filter = po/<lang>/extension.po
source_file = po/pot/extension.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[civicrm.financial]
file_filter = po/<lang>/financial.po
source_file = po/pot/financial.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[civicrm.install]
file_filter = po/<lang>/install.po
source_file = po/pot/install.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO
